Update manager-onboarding-1.md (#539)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/onboarding/manager-onboarding-1.md

4. **Accounting and Finance Approvals:**
   * Staff expense reimbursement: Managers will need to approve their team's  [expenses](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money/how-to-use-expensify#when-approving-an-expense-report). Any expense reimbursement questions should be routed to the [Purchases Channel](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/purchases).
   * Placeholder - invoices

> 6. **Headcount and Offer Approvals:** \(MLT-specific\).[ See Hiring Workflow](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/people#key-channels-and-resources). MLT and Directors should also reference the [Hiring Plan](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ApYjf13A-ji9gvr13EIxGet6iMwfGo9YWYkVuDsiumA/edit#gid=355968799) to review approved open requisitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Headcount and Offer Approvals:** \(MLT-specific\). [See Hiring Workflow](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/people#key-channels-and-resources). MLT and Directors should also reference the [Hiring Plan](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ApYjf13A-ji9gvr13EIxGet6iMwfGo9YWYkVuDsiumA/edit#gid=355968799) to review approved open requisitions.
```

# People Manager Responsibilities - People Programs

## Hiring 

> Hiring Manager's are responsible for identifying when a role is needed, creating an [ISP](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-processes/issue-solution) if headcount is not approved and aligning all key stakeholders, including the interview panel, on the [Ideal Candidate Profile](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#ideal-candidate-profile-icp)(ICP) and panel focus areas ahead of and, as needed during the interiew processes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hiring Managers are responsible for identifying when a role is needed, creating an [ISP](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-processes/issue-solution) if headcount is not approved, and aligning all key stakeholders, including the interview panel, on the [Ideal Candidate Profile](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#ideal-candidate-profile-icp)\(ICP\). This alignment includes panel focus areas ahead of, and as needed during, the interview processes.  
```

**Hiring Manager Resources**

> * [Recruiting Playbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ziIFoI0dB0_WZZHBeGAy0BLNMafl0jGAdQ6Z7QA3Ah8/edit#heading=h.7m7dbckempjx) - includes a list of all Hiring Manager responsibilities, as well as step-by-step instructions. Reach out to your Recruiter or the [Ask the People Team](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/ask-people-team) channel with questions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Recruiting Playbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ziIFoI0dB0_WZZHBeGAy0BLNMafl0jGAdQ6Z7QA3Ah8/edit#heading=h.7m7dbckempjx) includes a list of all Hiring Manager responsibilities, as well as step-by-step instructions. Reach out to your Recruiter or the [Ask the People Team](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/ask-people-team) channel with questions.
```

> * [Staff Recruiting - internal process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting) handbook page - includes general process overview, from [Opening a role](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#role-description) thru [Offer Stage](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#offer-approval-process).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Staff Recruiting - internal process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting) handbook page includes general process overview, from [Opening a role](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#role-description) through to the [Offer Stage](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#offer-approval-process).
```

* Deliver New Colleague Feedback.

## Performance Management

> Performance management is an on-going effort from Managers and direct reports. Consistent two-way communication is needed, and includes: clarifying and setting expectations, setting work-related and professional growth objectives, providing feedback and reviewing results.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance management is an ongoing effort from Managers and direct reports. Consistent two-way communication is needed, and includes: clarifying and setting expectations, setting work-related and professional growth objectives, providing feedback and reviewing results. 
```

#### Performance Management Cadences

> In addition to the 90-day review, we do performance reviews bi-annually. Managers are responsible for assigning and requesting peer reviews and writing & discussing manager reviews. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the 90-day review, we do performance reviews bi-annually. Managers are responsible for assigning and requesting peer reviews, and writing and discussing Manager reviews.
```
